Add querying section to ActiveStorage guides (#55310)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_storage_overview.md

<%= form.file_field :avatar, direct_upload: true %>
```

## Querying

> Active Storage attachments are just ordinary Active Record associations behind the scenes, so you can use the usual `joins` / `where` toolbox to look up records whose attachments meet specific criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Active Storage attachments are Active Record associations behind the scenes, so you can use the usual `joins` / `where` methods to look up records for attachments that meet specific criteria.
```

### `has_one_attached`

> `has_one_attached` creates a `has_one` association called `"<name>_attachment"` and a `has_one :through` association called `"<name>_blob"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`has_one_attached` creates a `has_one` association named `"<name>_attachment"` and a `has_one :through` association named `"<name>_blob"`.
```

Reviewer 2: How about adding links to the `has_*_attached` methods?

```suggestion
[`has_one_attached`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveStorage/Attached/Model.html#method-i-has_one_attached) creates a `has_one` association called `"<name>_attachment"` and a `has_one :through` association called `"<name>_blob"`.
```

> Need every user whose avatar is a PNG?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select every user where the avatar is a PNG, run the following:
```

```ruby

> User
>   .joins(:avatar_blob)
>   .where(active_storage_blobs: { content_type: "image/png" })

Reviewer: I strongly dislike writing Ruby like this and don't want to encourage it in our docs.

```suggestion
User.joins(:avatar_blob).where(active_storage_blobs: { content_type: "image/png" })
```

Author: Fair!

```

### `has_many_attached`

> `has_many_attached` creates a `has_many` association called `"<name>_attachments"` and a `has_many :through` association called `"<name>_blobs"` (note the plural).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`has_many_attached` creates a `has_many` association named `"<name>_attachments"` and a `has_many :through` association named `"<name>_blobs"` (note the plural).
```

> Want all messages whose images are videos instead of photos?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select all messages where images are videos rather than photos you can do the following:
```

```ruby

> Message
>   .joins(:images_blobs)
>   .where(active_storage_blobs: { content_type: "video/mp4" })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Message.joins(:images_blobs)where(active_storage_blobs: { content_type: "video/mp4" })
```

```

> Because these are plain SQL joins, remember that the query filters on the **`ActiveStorage::Blob`**, not the attachment record. You can combine the blob predicates above with any other scope conditions, just as you would with any other Active Record query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query will filter on the **`ActiveStorage::Blob`**, not the attachment record because these are plain SQL joins. You can combine the blob predicates above with any other scope conditions, just as you would with any other Active Record query.
```
